Expose encrypted shares unauthenticated (#5145)
microsoft/CCF: CHANGELOG.md

[4.0.0-dev7]: https://github.com/microsoft/CCF/releases/tag/ccf-4.0.0-dev7

### Deprecated

- `GET /gov/recovery_share` is deprecated in favour of the unauthenticated `GET /gov/encrypted_recovery_share/{member_id}`.

> - The `submit_recovery_share.sh` script now takes a `--member-id` argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `submit_recovery_share.sh` script now takes a `--cert` argument.
```

Currently takes a `--cert` argument and computes the `member-id`.
